
1. Explain the advantages of Natural Queries in PowerBi with an example?

With Natural query language you can answer your query and get answers. 
This is helpful for users who aren’t technically inclined since they can access insights easily with this feature.
You can find insights that might not exist in your report but exist in your model based on the measures you’ve already created.
It’s important to build your model well for instances like these. The Natural Language Query works best with a solid and detailed model.
The Natural Language Query is an advanced feature that can find almost any insight.
You can try it for yourself using different data. Since it’s very intuitive, it also adapts depending on what you input within the feature.


2. Explain Web Front End(WFE) cluster from Power BI Service Architecture?

The Web Front End (WFE) cluster. The WFE cluster manages the initial connection and authentication to the Power BI service.
The Back-End cluster. Once authenticated, the Back-End handles all subsequent user interactions. 
Power BI uses Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) to store and manage user identities.
The WFE cluster uses Azure AD to authenticate clients, and provide tokens for subsequent client connections to the Power BI service. 
Power BI uses the Azure Traffic Manager (Traffic Manager) to direct user traffic to the nearest datacenter.



3. Explain Back End cluster from Power BI Service Architecture?

The Back-End cluster determines how authenticated clients interact with the Power BI service. 
The Back-End cluster manages visualizations, user dashboards, datasets, reports, data storage, data connections, data refresh, and 
other aspects of interacting with the Power BI service. The Gateway Role acts as a gateway between user requests and the Power BI service.
Users don't interact directly with any roles other than the Gateway Role. Azure API Management eventually handles the Gateway Role.


4. What ASP.NET component does in Power BI Service Architecture?



5. Compare Microsoft Excel and PowerBi Desktop on the following features:

Data import :
Data transformation :
Modeling :
Reporting :
Server Deployment :
Convert Models :
Cost:

6. List 20 data sources supported by Power Bi desktop.

SQL Server database
Access database
SQL Server Analysis Services database
Oracle database
IBM Db2 database
IBM Informix database (Beta)
IBM Netezza
MySQL database
PostgreSQL database
Sybase database
Teradata database
SAP HANA database
SAP Business Warehouse Application Server
SAP Business Warehouse Message Server
Amazon Redshift
Impala
Google BigQuery
Google BigQuery (Azure AD)(Beta)
Vertica
Snowflake
Essbase
Actian (Beta)
Amazon Athena
AtScale cubes
BI Connector
Data Virtuality LDW

